# Pull Request Quantifier

A highly customizable framework to quantify a pull request within a repository context.

Highlights

- Counts pull request changes with high accuracy
- Uses git history to provide a repository level context to the pull request
- Provides customizations through a yaml file for fine grained behavior control

<details>
  <summary display="inline"> <strong>Pull request optimization good practices</strong> </summary>
  <p/>
  <p/>
  
##### Why small changes matter:

- Time to review is less.
- Bugs are more likely to be detected.
- Share knowledge efficiently, small portions can always be assimilated better.
- Release fast to production. Small changes are always more likely to be reviewed faster with less iterations and therefore they can be released faster.
- Exercise your mind to divide big problems into smaller ones.

##### What can I do to optimize my changes:

- Quantify your PR accurately: exclude files that are not necessary to be reviewed or do not increase the review complexity. Example: autogenerated code, docs, project IDE setting files, binaries, etc.
   Check out the `Excluded` section from your `prquantifier.yaml` file.
- Split your problem into subproblems and try to code towards them.
- Don't refactor and code new features at the same time.

##### How to interpret the change counts in git diff output:

- One line was added: `+1 -0`
- One line was deleted: `+0 -1`
- One line was modified: `+1 -1` (git diff doesn't know about modified, it will interpret that line like one addition plus one deletion)

</details>
